down the road&in the future (ej. I want to find a new job down the road)
catch one's eye&attract one's attention (Ej. She was planning on renting a compact car, but a nice sport car caught her eyes, and she left the parking lot with it)
pay through the nose&pay a great deal for something (ej. You’ll pay through the nose to rent a car during the holiday season.)
lemon&a poor-quality car that is useless (ej. My brother knows nothing about cars, and he bought a used car, but it turned out to be a real lemon because it broke down only two hours after he bought it.)
out-of-the-way (adjective)&far away from people or cities that is not traveled much (I really enjoy driving to out-of-the-way places because I can get away from large crowds.)
beat (verb)&do better than something else (I know that taking the bus isn’t always very comfortable and fast, but you sometimes can’t beat the price.)
nickel-and-dime (verb)&take away someone’s money by making the person pay small amounts for something (also an adjective as in “a nickel-and-dime store”) (ej. That hotel will nickel-and-dime you to death for every service they provide. It’s not worth staying there.)
I’ve had it (idiom)&used to say that someone is tired or annoyed by something (ej. My wife has had it with this hotel’s poor service, so we’ve decided to check out and go somewhere else.)
head somewhere (verb)&dirigirse hacia ; go in the direction of a particular place (I’m heading to California to visit my family. What about you? Where are you heading on this trip?)
run into (verb)&crash into; chocarse con (ej. Unfortunately, we ran into a deer that jumped into the road.)
a rip off (noun)&una estafa; something that is very expensive (The car was a rip off. It broke down one week after I bought it.) 
fork out (verb)&pay money (I had to fork out $3,000 to repair my car.)
(be) loaded (adjective)&have a lot of money (ej. Her boyfriend is loaded and buys her anything she wants)
Why does he tie that to&por qué lo relaciona con ..
picked up the tab&pagar la cuenta
kick back& relax
make something of oneself (idiom)&become successful in a career
off the top of your head (idiom)&think of something immediately without preparation
stretch the truth&exaggerate the truth
chow down&eat enthusiastically (ej. The kids couldn’t wait to chow down the bacon and eggs for breakfast.)
pig out&eat a lot of food = “Don’t let the children pig out on pizza and soda. They need to eat vegetables, too.”
I can't win either way&no puedo ganar de ninguna manera
hit the road&start to travel
off the beaten path&an area that people usually don’t visit; in or into an isolated place. (ej. she found the greatest restaurants that are off the beaten path)
run out of steam&lose energy, become tired (ej. Our team played well during the first part of the game, but they ran out of steam.)